Vending machine perspective

Count money when object is recived through coin slot
Recive button imputs for X and y axis values for position of chosen snack
Check if money inserted is suffcient
  If amount is less than price of good at X'Y then reject transaction
  If amount is equal or greater than price of good at X'Y accept transaction
    Dispence good at X'Y
    Dispence money equal to the difference of the amount inserted and the price of the good
   
For checking if the correct amount of money is paid, an if else statement could be used.

Cookie glass problem
1.
Remove the cookie
break the cookie into two pieces
Try to dip the cookie again
If it cannot be dipped, repeat steps
2.
Find the length of the cookies edge from the profile where it is shortest
Find the diameter of the glass where it is most narrow
If the length of the cookie is larger than the diameter of the narrowest point of the glass break the cookie in two
continue breaking the cookie until length of the cookie is larger than the diameter of the narrowest point of the glass
3.
Though I'm not sure if its necessary for there to be an app for this purpose, an app that logs the narrowest diameter of glasses and
shortest edge profiles of cookies, to see if they fit it can just see if the cookie is shorter than the glass, in which case it can reach the milk.

Curry
1.
obtain a set of chopsticks
Position chopsticks so that the spoon is in between the two sticks
Try to grab spoon with sticks
  If unsuccessful repeat step
remove spoon from curry
2.
obtain spoon for curry
If spoon has a hook handle, use
If spoon is long enough for handle to protrude a notable amount when left in curry container to rest on its opening, use
Use spoon with caution
3.
A robotic arm can be used for getting the spoon out of the curry, and keeping the spoon out of the curry in the first place as the robot would not drop the spoon unless told to do so.

Parking
1.
Ponder the possibility to parallel park perpendicular to the outrageously parked vehicle
  exercise self restraint
continue driving around parking lot
  If there is an empty parking slot park
  If there is a car about to vacate a parking spot, wait
  If there is no parking continue driving
2.
Install posts where parking lines intersect
  if unsuccessful, install fenceing on parking lines
    if unsuccessful, accept defeat
      if unsuccessful, place hollow tyre caltrops on parking lines
3.
Even now, new cars often have cameras and software to help people park their cars properly. If or not they choose to use them is a different matter.

Bags
1.
Look for other areas to sit
if unsuccessful, find somewhere to stand with handlebar
  if unsuccessful, ask owner to remove bags
    if unsuccessful and won't cause trouble, ask bus driver to deal with owner
      if unworthy of time, stand without handlebar or switch buses
2.      
Introduce policy for riders that they can not take up more than one seat per person if asked to make room for others.
  if unsuccessful, make the policy more persuasive with repercussions of a financial nature
    if unsuccessful, make the policy more persuasive with repercussions of a legal nature
3.   
Introduce storage on buses, perhaps overhead, if that doesn't work you can change the seats to act against this. By adding armrests it becomes difficult for 
one seat hoarder to claim more than two seats, you can also make the bottoms of the seats fold upward when not in use so as to be less inviting as the seat must be physically opened.
